---
title: School Canteen Stall Vacancy
permalink: /partners/canteenvacancy/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<h3>School Canteen Advertisement</h3><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Type of Stall</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Closing Date</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Requirements</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Chinese Food</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>29 Feb 2024</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>NIL</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><strong>Application Procedure</strong></p><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Download and complete the <a href="https://www.sengkangpri.moe.edu.sg/files/application%20for%20canteen%20stall%20in%20existing%20school.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">application form</a>. You may also request for a hardcopy from the School’s General Office.</p></li><li><p>Attached the following documents together with the application form:</p></li></ol><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Photocopy of the NRIC (front and back)</p></li><li><p>List of proposed menu and pricing for all items</p></li><li><p>Photocopy of Workforce Skills Qualification (WSQ) Food Safety Course Level 1 of Applicant and Assistant (if any)</p></li></ul><ol start="3" data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Submit the completed application form and documents by closing date via email OR to the School’s General Office.</p></li></ol><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Address: Peiying Primary School , 651 Yishun Ring Road, Singapore 768687</p></li><li><p>Contact No: 62575684</p></li><li><p>Email: peiying_ps@moe.edu.sg</p></li><li><p>Contact Person: Mdm Lee Hui Chern/ Mr Seow Teck Lam</p></li></ul><p><strong>Interest applicants must meet the following criteria:</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Singapore citizen or Singapore Permanent Resident (SPR) for stallholder and stall assistant.</p></li><li><p>Able to provide good service, good variety and quality food with reasonable prices determined in consultation with the school.</p></li><li><p>Able to provide cooked food that meets the health / nutritional standards set by the Health Promotion Board (HPB) under the “Healthy Meals in Schools Programme (HMSP)” guidelines (see link).</p></li><li><p>Able to maintain high standard of food safety and personal hygiene.</p></li><li><p>Healthy and fit to operate the stall.</p></li><li><p>Must be in personal attendance at the stall during operating hours.</p></li><li><p>Shall not provide disposables for dine-in meals in the canteen.</p></li><li><p>Prior experience in running a school canteen stall is an added advantage.</p></li></ul><p><strong>Applicants should preferably fulfil the following criteria:</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Successful applicant and stall assistant(s) must possess the Workforce Skills Qualification (WSQ) Food Safety Course Level 1.</p></li><li><p>Possess catering experience or experience operating in a school environment.</p></li><li><p>Successful applicant is required to apply for a food stall license from Singapore Food Agency (SFA). They may apply the License from GoBusiness website.</p></li></ul><p><em>Shortlisted applicants will be notified for an interview and will be required to provide food sampling for the School Canteen Selection Committee at the applicant’s own expense.</em></p>